hi girls today I'm going to be showing
you how to get Brigitte Bardot's former
French model and actress in the late
1950s and early 60s makeup look if you
have been following me you know that I'm
completely smitten with anything French
Brigitte is the quintessential sex
symbol known for her smoky bedroom eyes
soft nude pout and toss old big hair
her signature makeup is all about
dramatic eyes with heavy smudged liner
and long thick lashes paired with just a
hint of bronzer on the cheeks her skin
was always flawless and fresh so I hope
you enjoy this look coming up
I'm starting off with my beauty brow kit
from Sigma it has everything you
possibly can need in it I'm gonna use
Natasha color for my brows and I'm just
gonna kind of run through with this
bully first and then we're gonna put in
a little bit of color just to kind of
fill them out and get them a little bit
more defined
I have cargo my eye primer this is
actually really nice I like this a lot
because it's not sticky it's not greasy
it goes on and it just gives a nice
really clean base to my eye I have the
Urban Decay vice 2 palette that just
came out I'm gonna use habit and I'm
using my Sigma eyeshadow large shader
e60 I'm gonna just take it over the
whole lid
and then I'm going in with dope a really
pretty nice soft shimmer with my Sigma
II 70 brush
and then I'm going to go into rewind
it's a really pretty nice kind of nude a
little bit of brown to it a 36 is my
blending brush from Sigma and you're
gonna just really concentrate on the
outer corner here and swirling and
blending it you just want to create a
little bit of depth there
and I'm gonna grab my Sigma eye shading
brush e 55 I put a little bit more color
on that and I'm just gonna go into that
corner again just to kind of really
build it up
and you're gonna want to go over those
two colors with a little bit of a fluffy
brush I'm using my tapered blending from
Sigma e-40 L'Oreal smoldering eyeliner
is the best this is really nice it's big
and fat and it's easy to use and I'm
basically just going to the base of my
lashes covering any of my eyelid I don't
want any of that nude color so I'm
getting really really tight and this is
really nice it's like jet-black and then
I'm gonna go into my tight line
underneath here you can see this is
weird but see how I'm just like covering
all the pink this really makes a big
difference when you want to have like
super super eyes that just kind of pop
and now I'm going this is wet and wild
this is a gel liner and it's
unbelievable it's super super creamy it
goes on so easily I'm gonna be using my
Sigma small angled brush it's 65 and
it's really nice and easy to use and
this I'm just don't wing it out really
on the ends here but you'll see it's
just really rich this I'm really
surprised because wet and wild it's not
at all expensive so it just really
easily glides across my eye blends
really nicely and it stays on I mean I
had a hard time getting this off
actually so you know if you're going out
for a night it's not gonna be all over
your face and you can basically do
pretty much anything dance and get crazy
and have a couple martinis or two
now I'm gonna go into my tight line
underneath here just to really pop the
eyes you can go underneath to with a
little bit more black shadow if you
really want to smoke it out I'm just
gonna blend it in a little bit into my
lash line there
I'm going with my shoe Oh Maura this is
my eyelash curler can't go anywhere
without it
this really gives a nice bend to my
lashes more than any other lash curler
that I've ever used and better than sex
from two-face I just bought this you'll
see it in my beauty news this is really
nice I love this wand get really close
to the base and just keep piling it on I
could probably put mascara on all day
bottom lashes for sure
and now I'm going in with I do it's a
white turns clear and those lashes girls
I got them on Amazon I got 40 of them
for a dollar 50 and it was ridiculous
and I thought they were gonna be awful
when I got them they are amazing they're
super easy to apply I mean you can see
with me doing this now they're just
really flexible and they just go right
on and they are really beautiful
actually I mean I was really surprised
so I'm gonna link that link below in the
video so you girls can take advantage of
that great deal and now I have my
L'Oreal concealer of course I am using
this I use it all underneath my eyes and
I actually like to bring it down further
than just underneath my eyes to kind of
smooth out any redness I tend to have
redness kind of near my nose and then
you'll see I'm like okay wait I gotta go
all over my face now here little
hyperpigmentation freckles and I could
probably keep going but I'm like okay I
got my foundation to do so let's kind of
blend this in with my fingers I do like
you to my fingers because I feel that
the warmth of my my hands really kind of
work this product into my skin I'm using
lorac I love this foundation I just got
it and it is just really nice and
doesn't make my skin oily I'm using my
Sigma brush as a telecon brush it's a
flat kabuki
so I eighty brush working it into my jaw
line and just really smoothing out my
skin this is a lip liner sand from fresh
Beauty Studio just really neutral
and then I'm going to line my lips but
what I'm gonna do is instead of kind of
giving those Peaks I'm gonna connect my
Cupid's bow so it gives you more that
pouty like very playboy kind of lip make
sure top lip look bigger it'll feel a
little weird and it kind of a looks kind
of strange since you're not used to
doing it but it's really beautiful
then I have trish mcevoy the essential
pencil number 12 this is basically the
same color as my lips so I'm just going
to kind of blend this in all over it's
nice and creamy get a nice nude lip and
then I'm going in with my fabulous baked
bronzer with my large angled contour f40
from Sigma I'm gonna go underneath my
cheekbones this is from Laura Geller
it's wonderful
and then my Norris this is in South
Beach love this highlighter I use it on
all my brides and I'm just gonna
highlight the top of my cheeks to kind
of give a little bit of that fabulous
sexy well
and there you have it you have this
beautiful french brigitte bardot kind of
feel to your look and your off the door